This project is submitted as a part of thr requirement for a Data Science certificate from HarvardX. The problem dataset was downloaded from www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s4e7/data and stored locally. The dataset is quite large (over 11 million rows) so I extracted randomly about 10% of the dataset to tobbe my working set. I parameterized the number of rows in the training sample and the number of rows in the testing sample. Since there was sufficent samples avaailable, I slso parametized the number of test sets that were used. For each data model, the results of these test sets were averaged for the overall average. The analysis of these test sets is in the summary portion of the document. The dataset was used for a competition at Kaggle, but since I downloaded the dataset after the final date for the competition, I did not submit anything. Thr work is entirely my own. I basically followed the pattern of chapter 32 of Dr.Irizarry's book, Introduction to Data Science, the videos in the fHarvardX Data SCience Professional Certificate series and receeived help from Google and a few other sites on the Internet. I would like to thank those involved for giving me the opportunity to increase my skills in the R language and in Data Science, in general. It's been a fun adventure.

This note is from the Kagglee website:
The dataset for this competition (both train and test) was generated from a deep learning model trained on the Health Insurance Cross Sell Prediction Data dataset. # Feature distributions are # # # close to, but not exactly the same, as the original. Feel free to use the original dataset as part of this competition, both to # # # explore differences as well as to see whether incorporating the # # original in training improves model performance.
cited:  Walter Reade, Ashley Chow. (2024). Binary Classification of Insurance Cross Selling 

 